maybe jython 64 or something new and better im open ... needs to be transistional from already learned skills from the comunnity 

snap has awesome glccm power --> luts are on a wimpy low res binaery seansonal raster ... as old a fortrain ... needs updated for good atmo corrections sential imargery 
sent need raw rast avail --> jpeg compression ? its good but not good for raster DN em value retention 

looking at BlenderGIS --> lots of potental on the c++ fronts QGIS -ish ... blender is python frendly 3d ( blender engine ... where did ya go ? ) --> need that for my GAMA PLATFORM - ish agents ... 
unreal or unity --> too far of a jump --> im a human ... need helpers ... 

java fx node editing ? yes please 

airflow enterprise intigration ? yes please ( sorry fme ) airflow gis  DAGS  super CRON

maybe nifi for burst near realtime data sets  --> g5 g6 wifi loc data ... remotes for ai 

i know nigx i still like apache server 

get jvm on the isa level ... closer to the read write lines... awesome pid haddlers ... LLVM rising ( dont pay for isa costs ) --> cents on every chip 
less garbage 

stay OpenJDK ... larry page was a sabo on open source ... ( fragmentation ... decouple from oracle )

postgress hadels gis and just general reaster data sets verry well 

db drivers
postgis > sde

( open source = less taxes and lower rent ) ... more applied ... make money trunning the wrench vs getting a penny for every wrench turn of the few 

Notes : "There isn't much information about how much Florida spends on Esri licensing each year, but here's some information about Esri and its licensing costs. 
Esri licensing costs 

    ArcGIS GIS Professional Advanced costs $3,800 per year on premise 

Esri

    Esri is a private company that creates Geographic Information Systems (GIS) software 

Esri's products are used by over 300,000 organizations, including most national governments and 90% of Fortune 100 companies 
Esri's ArcGIS software is used to create, manage, analyze, map, and share data 
"   ---> your taxes 

